1.What is oops stands for? 
OOPS is a Object Oriented Language
 
2.What is Polymorphism? explain types?
Polymerphism it's an use mulitiple form of implementation. the overloading is a same class same method with different arguments,
overrinding is a different class with same method name
types of polumorphism 
a.)overloading 
b.)overrinding 

3.what is interface and example in selenium,java?
Interface is a design and its unimplement method and it's a blueprint of a class
It's has static constants and abstract method 
It is used to achive aabstraction 
a.) example of selenium (chrome driver-extends-remotewebdriver)
b.) example of java (samsung-extends-samsungphone)(samsungphone-extends-iphone)

4.what is abstarct class and example?
A Class which is declared with the abstract keyword is know as an abstract class
it is partially implemented and unimplemented method.
its a restricted class that cannot used to create objects, its must inherited from another
example:
selenim:driver.findelement(by)

5.Difference between multiple inheritance and multilevel inheritance
Multiple inheritance 
i. multiple inheritance is inherits form more than one base class
ii. its is not widely used bacause its make the system more complex
iii. it has two class namely base and derived class ex, parent- child1-child2..

Multilevel Inheritence
i. Multilevel inheritance inherits from derived base class for new class.
ii. it is widely used 
iii. it has three level class namely , base class, intermediate,derived class.
ex, grandparent - parent-child.

6.Is multiple inheritance possible in java?
no, multiple inheritance not possible in java 

7.What is keyword for using inheritance 
"Extends" keywords is using for inheritance 
 
8.what is the keyword to connect interface and class
"implements" is the keyword used for connect interface and class.

9.what is difference between class and interface
class
i. class is a group of object which have common properties.
ii. class is a implemented method.
iii. class can be possible to create object.

Interface is a design
i. interface is a unimplemented method 
ii. it cannot be create object.

10.what is difference between class and abstract class
Class
i. class is a group of object which have common properties.
ii. class is a implemented method
iii. class can be possible to create object

abstract
i. a class with declared abstract keyword known as abstract class
ii. abstract class is partially implemented and unimplemented method
iii. its a restricted class that cabbot used to create objects, it must inherited from another.